Saman Hashemipour
904 903 562
CS 35L Rahul
05-01-18

We have to start the entire project be downloading the tar file. To do this we have to use the wget command:
	wget ftp://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/coreutils/coreutils-8.29.tar.xz

We next need to verify the signature. We do this by running the command given below:
	gpg --verify --keyring ./gnu-keyring.gpg coreutils-8.29.tar.xz.sig

This does return an error, but the error is only to explain that the key has not been signed by me. Other than the fact that I have not signed the package myself everything should work fine.

The next command that I use is:
tar -xJvf coreutils-8.29.tar.xz

This command unzips the file and makes it ready for use.

I next make a directory ~/coreutilsInstalls which is the location where all my coreutils installation will take place.

I next change directories to corutils by doing:

cd coreutls-8.29
./configure --prefix =/u/ce/ugrad/saman/coreutilsInstall

After this we can compile and install the 8.29 into our install directory that we just made by doing:

make
make install

We then cd back into the coreutilsInstall/bin where we can then run the command ls -a -A which will allow us to see all the files and we see that the first two files are:
. 
.. 
this indicates that the bug is is still there. So to remove it we want to apply the patch by doing the following:

1. We go back into the coreutils-8.29 directory and emacs patch_file and copy and paste the patch provided. This initially resulted in an indentation issue using emacs so I decided to use nano, which worked fine. 

2. Apply the patch by using the -p1 < patch_file command. The
	2a. The -p1 command ships the number of backslashes before the file.

To have the changes take place I run "make" again to recompile the file and ensure that it accepted the changes.

We finally see that the file is running properly but outputting more lines that it was previously. This is to be expected and was not alarming.

Finally we use the ls -a -A command the same way that we used it previously to see that the output of the command no longer results in . and .. for the first two outputs.



