1) If we send data over a network using Secure Shell (SSH) we can almost be certain that no one will be able to steal our data regardless of the bytes that they observe. This is primarily because the bytes are encrypted and anyone that is trying to steal the information would need the decription key which is not sent over a network. Since no one except they people that had these two keys would be able to see the information that is being sent we can say that the data is indeed secure.

1.1) If, however, there was a leak in the keystrokes that we're made they could potentially steal the information because the would have access to the passphrases that were typed when creating the secure private key. The passphrase previously kept the key's out of reach from others. However, by allowing people to know this passphrase they would have access to the authentication private key and could possibly be used to decrypt all of the bytes that they have access to.

1.2) If the other team had access to the USB, however, (how is that possible, first of all) they would be able to make themselves root and it would give them access to all the .ssh folders that they would need. This would give them access to all the keys that they would need to decrypt and encrypt any message that you would send/want to send.

2) The gpg --verify really does nothing in verifying who sent the file. It simply compares the decrypted cleartext signature to the decrypted data using a public key. If this were intercepted and signed by a person before it reached the final destination, using gpg --verify would tell you that the wrong person sent you a file, essentially showing the wrong initital sender. This could easily be solved by having the inital sender send a confirmation to a server (their name or a timestamp or something) which then allows the reciever to be able to check the server to make sure that the person that sent them the message is indeed the person that shows up in the gpg --verify command (basically a check to make sure the two names match up).